I want you to write a script which uses the openai gpt4o api to categorise the notes I have made in a text file. the script will take as a cli argument the path of the notes md file. it will then parse the notes file to extract the notes. to extract the notes, it should first ignore the front matter and the first line after the front matter containing text, if it also starts with a $ sign. e.g. it should ignore all the below: 
 
--- 
gist_url: https://gist.github.com/21d13bdaa852fee747aac8f86fbc4feb 
live: true 
--- 
 
$notes 
 
it should then extract the full text of the rest of the file. it should then ask gpt4o to generate a list of categories based on the contents of the rest of the file, which we will then use to sort the notes into. I will provide the text of this prompt, but it is important that you use the structured outputs api so that the returned list is in a standardised format that we can easily parse. see here for the documentation on how to do this: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/structured-outputs/introduction . ok then once we have done this, I want to categorise each note in the note file. each note is separated by two newline characters from the last note, except for the first note ofc. it is important to note though that often notes above and below a given note provide useful context in understanding what the note is about. so I want you to then iterate over every note in the file, and ask gpt4 to select which category from the original list it generated is most relevant to that note. but importantly, you should provide gpt4o with the contents of the note above it and the contents of the note below it, so that it can make a more informed choice of which category to select. make sure it is clear from the prompt though that the note being categorised is the note in the middle, not the one above or below. this is very important to get right!. ok then I want you to print out to the terminal the notes, under the categories for each note.  thx